DOC-2270_TINY-10482 release notes entry: Inline mode with persisted toolbar would show regardless of the skin being loaded, causing css issues. (#3086)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/7.0-release-notes.adoc

// CCFR here.

=== Inline mode with persisted toolbar would show regardless of the skin being loaded, causing css issues.
// #TINY-10482

> Previously when `toolbar_persist` and `inline` mode was set to `true`, the toolbar could set itself prior to the skin even though the skin may not have been loaded yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously when `toolbar_persist` and `inline` mode was set to `true`, the toolbar could be shown before the skin was loaded. Whereas now it will always wait for the skin to load first.
```
